[Music]
Welcome to Perspectives from HSBC.
Thanks for joining us. And now on to
today's show.
Hello everyone. Thanks for joining HSBC
podcast series of perspectives. Today's
episode is being recorded behind the
scene at the HSBC Global Investment
Summit happening in Hong Kong. My name
is Jing Newu, HSBC chief China
economist. I'm very pleased to be joined
by Ku Jing, professor of economics at
Harvard University and Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology. So
today we're going to talk about China's
economic development and its new
playbook. Hi K, great to be with you
Jing. We have a lot to talk about.
Nowadays we see a lot of trading
partners um you know in addition to US
start to complain about China is getting
too competitive in it export and some